What is a stick of butter?
1/2 cup or 113 grams of butter.
How do I know if cheese has gone bad?
Mould as an sign of edibility will depend on the type of cheese. Generally with softer and shredded cheese.
Can I turn plain flour into self-raising flour?
Add 2 teaspoons of baking powder. Sift or stir them together in a bowl before using, as you need them to integrate.
Which part of the scallion (green onion) do you use?
Both the green and white parts are edible, but each tastes better when used in a different way. The white part has a rather sharp flavour so is best cooked, whereas the green parts have a milder taste and so can be eaten raw or as garnish.
How can I keep berries and raisins from sinking to the bottom of cakes and muffins?
Simply tossing these fruits in flour and then folding them into the mixture will absorb the liquid that’s released as they bake, and keep your bottoms dry and your tops fruit-abundant.
How do I know if wine has gone bad?
The cork is going to be your first indicator that a wine might have gone off. If it’s protruding slightly, it means that the wine has overheated and its flavour has dulled.
How to fix my melted chocolate grainy and clumping?
Remove the chocolate from heat and add one tablespoon of one of the following: vegetable oil, butter, hot cream, warm water, or melted butter while stirring. Add one tablespoon of liquid for every 30g of chocolate as needed.
Do I really need to use salt in baking?
Just a pinch can take any dish from bland to delicious, bringing out the darkness in chocolate, the earthiness of nuts, the zing of fruits
How can I stop crying while chopping onions?
use an incredibly sharp knife, which will slice through the enzymes rather than crushing them.
How do you keep pasta from clumping?
Boil it in plenty of salted water (4-6 quarts per pound of pasta). Don’t overcook. Do not rinse after boiling unless you’re using it in a cold dish. If you’re not otherwise saucing it, toss with a tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil.
How do you keep herbs fresh?
Trim the stems, submerge stems (or roots, if the plant is still living) in an inch or two of water in a glass or jar, cover loosely with a plastic baggie, and store in the refrigerator.
How do you know if eggs are fresh?
A fresh egg will feel heavy and sink to the bottom of a bowl of water, lying on its long side. A less fresh egg will stand on end in the bowl of water. A bad egg will float.
Is there an easy way to peel garlic?
Smash it against a cutting board using the flat side of a large chef’s knife and the heel of your hand.Then slide or peel the papery skin off and smash again before mincing.
Can you substitute baking soda for baking powder (and vice versa)?
In a pinch, baking powder can replace baking soda. Baking soda can’t replace baking powder unless you also add cream of tartar
What’s the difference between a boil, a rolling boil, and a simmer?
A simmer is when the water is warm and the bubbles are just hanging out around the sides. A boil is when the water is so hot. A rolling boil is when the water is at the highest boiling point.
How do you keep your cookies from spreading too thin?
Let the butter sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. To speed the softening process, cut it into tablespoon-size pieces. It should be yielding to a finger but not melted.
What’s the best way to measure dry ingredients?
The spooning method (using a separate cup or spoon to shovel flour into the measuring cup) to the pouring method or the scooping method


